This is another kinda networking thing,
promise this is the last one.
What statements are correct?
HTTP allows multiple requests and
responses concurrently over
a single TCP connection.
HTTP/3 can be used only with HTTPS.
HTTP/2 is backward
compatible with HTTP/1.1.
Or HTTP/1.1 requires multiple
TCP connections to process
multiple requests simultaneously.
So the answer is all of them,
[LAUGH] all of them right.
Okay, so first, let's go back all
the way in time when we had HTTP/1.0.
And this HTTP always required a TCP
connection before any response or
a request could get sent.
So we always had to have the SYNs and ACKs
in before any requests get sent.
So any file that you
requested needed that.
Then there was HTTP/1.1, which
introduced the persistent connections.
So multiple requests and responses could
be sent over the same TCP connection.
Now, if you have a single connection,
resources always have to
be delivered in full before it can
switch to sending the new response.
So this kinda go head-of-line blocking,
which wasn't great because, yeah,
it needed to wait for other responses
to resolve, stuff like that.
So then there was HTTP/2, which
essentially allowed multiple requests and
responses to be streamed over the same
TCP connection, but also simultaneously.
So you could kinda parallelize
the requests and the responses.
So this reduce latency and
just improve resource usage in general.
Now, we have kind of a new
thing called HTTP/3.
So this uses a new protocol called QUIC.
So it's, I mean,
I think it was introduced in 2020, but
it's already used by, I believe,
25% of browsers at the moment or websites.
So it's quite a lot, but it kind of
gets rid of the entire TLS, or TCP and
TLS, cuz that's all combined
in a new protocol called QUIC.
It also, again,
has kind of streaming by default.
So all the responses and requests can
just be parallelized all at once.
So this could massively improve
your website's performance.
But of course, it's up to your server
whether you implement HTTP 3 or not, and
also, if the browser supports it,
which at the moment, I'm not entirely
sure how many browsers support it.
I think the majority does,
like newer, modern browsers.
Yeah, so HTTP allows multiple requests
to be sent over a single TCP connection.
That's right, as we just saw,
you can finally do that.
HTTP/3 can only be used with HTTPS.
And this is true, because that QUIC
protocol also has the TLS built-in.
So the TLS is essentially what
establish that secure connection.
With HTTP/2,
this wasn't necessarily required.
You could also use it with HTTP,
but HTTP/3, you cannot do that.
HTTP/2 is backward compatible,
yes, entirely.
So you can serve your
website from HTTP/1.1 or 2.
And 1.1 required multiple TCP
connections to process multiple requests
simultaneously.
That is true, at the same time,
you cannot send multiple requests
at the same time with HTTP/1.1.
I think you can with something called
like, is it called, not parallelizing,
I don't know, something else,
but it wasn't entirely reliable.
Not many people did that.